# AI Chat Service

This Go package provides a simple chat service using Google's Generative AI model via the `generative-ai-go` library and the Gin web framework.

## Features

- **Chat Endpoint:** Processes user messages and returns AI-generated responses.
- **Health Check Endpoint:** Checks if the service is running.

## Endpoints

### Chat

`POST /chat`

Processes a user message and returns a response generated by the AI model.

**Request Body:**
```json
{
  "message": "your_message"
}
```

**Responses:**
- `200 OK` with the generated response if successful.
- `400 Bad Request` if the request body is invalid.
- `500 Internal Server Error` if there is an error generating the response.

### Health Check

`GET /health`

Checks if the service is up and running.

**Responses:**
- `200 OK` with a message "UP" if the service is running.

## Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/UjjwalMahar/llamakraft
   cd llamakraft/ai
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   go mod download
   ```

3. **Environment Variables:**
   
  Get your [API     KEY](https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey)
  Create a `.env` file and set the following     environment variable:
   ```
   API_KEY=your_google_genai_api_key
   ```

4. **Run the application:**
   ```bash
   go run main.go
   ```

## Running Using Kraft Cloud 

**Linux**

1. Install the [kraft tool](https://docs.kraft.cloud/quickstart/)

    ```curl -sSfL https://get.kraftkit.sh | sh```

2. Once you have installed kraft, set the KraftCloud access token you received during your on-boarding:

    ```
    export KRAFTCLOUD_TOKEN=token
    export KRAFTCLOUD_METRO=fra0 # set globally, or set via the cmd line as below
    ```
3. Lauch Instance 
    ```
    kraft cloud deploy -p 443:8080 -e 'PWD=/' .
    ```

## Usage

- Start the server using `go run main.go`.
- Send a POST request to `/chat` with a JSON body containing the message to get an AI-generated response.
- Send a GET request to `/health` to check the service status.


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request for any changes.
